# H1 Inventory-Management
This project is intended to be use for inventory control or a shopping control. Where items are consumed and the inventory for those items are updated. 

## H2 I have these ideas in mind:

## H3 Inventory control system:

As I have observed in my years of experience in manufacturing, one of the biggest problems and often overlooked is the control of their internal inventory. This application will be used in a manufacturing environment where people in the assembly lines will use to request parts from the warehouse. The app will communicate with the company's database or ERP system where parts details are stored such as description, and qty available. When someone from the manufacturing floor requests a part, a notification will be sent to the warehouse personnel and they will be shown the details for the parts such as part number, bin location, and an image to ensure accurate parts delivery. Once the part is found then, the employee from the warehouse will select the part found in the app, then the app will display the information from where the part was requested because a manufacturing facility may consist of multiple assemblies with all different products and each employee is located in a specific workbench in the product line assigned which will be used as detail for the delivery. Once the part is delivered, it will be marked as delivered and the app will then communicate with the database and update the qty available, and this will create an accurate tracking of parts for the buying department. The app will also store information from each request as employees will need to enter a reason for the extra part. This information then can be analyzed by the company to calculate profits or generate an analysis of the parts that are being replaced the most to conduct a qualitative analysis on them. 


## H3 Shopping app system:

An app that people can use to buy products from a store. This could be an online store or a physical store that allows its shoppers to buy online and come to pick up their products once the order is ready. The app will display the products by category, and the qty available. It will send a notification to the store personnel, and they will start the process of finding the products and having them ready for pick up. To help the people in the store to find the products, the app will display the location of each item in the store, as the store will be organized in sections with their identifiers. Inventory will be updated once the employee confirms that all items have been picked up and the database will be updated. 
